cnwwlmswsss.

446.

Greeting. Whereas we heve understood hythe com-
pleint of the Lsdy Isabells de Hostings thet she is
seized end distrained for divers services which ere due
from her for certain tenements which she holds of us et
Goosefield, concerning which there is e disputo between
this Isebelle sud other tensnts who occupy e pert ol the
lends from whence these services issue; we require thet
you make enquiry, or cause enquiry to be made, if the
execution which is put in is levied according to lsw3
for the Lsdy lately sent us word by letter thet other ol
our tenente oeeupy tenements which ere severelly bound,
together with herself, to perform such services as those
which our Bsiliffs ore now demsnding from her. And ss
the said Lody asks from us es e'fevour the relaxation of
the said execution, we wish thet, if your discretiori assent,
the execution should be relexed on the security or
pledges oi our own tenants until a fixed day, given to
secure thet she shall do cll thet she ought to do, under
the penalty if she do the contrary of s new imposition
of the execution by you on the dsy assigned, st the
risk of the said sureties. And, however it may hoppen ¹
in other things, be ccrsfiil thet we be not defrauded of
our rents nor of our services, nor our Ohurch dis-
possessed. Send to us end inform us es to these things
es best you may, by the first gobetween, Adieu‚ lic. Δ

447.

Το his decr end well-beloved in God Bartholomew dei
Bardi, oi the Compeny ol the Bardi, Richcrd by (iod's

 

